Proverbs chapter 10 verse 22 states it is the blessing of Jehovah that makes rich and he adds no pain with it
Jehovah blesses those he loves with gifts of divine approval guidance and spiritual prosperity and
When we enter a door of kingdom activity in faith
We are putting ourselves in line for a rich blessing from Jehovah
One of those doors is this school for kingdom evangelizers
Now what just came to your mind when you heard that school?
Did you think well that's a great school if you have special circumstances to apply for it or
I'm too old for that or I'm too young for that
I'm already serving with the need is great. I'm needed here
They could send me anywhere after the school and I'm not really comfortable with that
Those are honest feelings and understandable
But we want to be careful that feelings don't turn into stumbling stones that would prevent us from receiving a blessing from Jehovah
Let's use Timothy as an example of one who entered a door of kingdom activity and received Jehovah's rich blessing
Timothy received a personal invitation from the Apostle Paul to expand his ministry
At first glance the two men probably looked nothing alike. So imagine that scene
Paul was older a man of experience
Timothy was young probably in his late teens or early 20s
Paul was bold in his speech tireless in his ministry and resilient to opposition
Yet on the other hand the Scriptures indicate that young Timothy was perhaps shy
hesitant and lacked self-confidence
What's stumbling stones could have existed in Timothy's mind as he pondered Paul's
invitation
Well, let's open our Bibles to 2 Timothy chapter 3 and read verse 10 and 11 and we'll find out
2 Timothy chapter 3 and we're going to read verse 10 and 11 now notice that Paul wrote this to Timothy many years later
But let's see what we can learn
verse 10
But you have closely followed my teaching
My course of life
My purpose my faith my patience my love my endurance
The persecutions and sufferings such as I experienced in now notice
Antioch and Iconium and in
Listera
Now where was Timothy from
The young man likely witnessed how Paul suffered ruthless beatings in Listera at the hands of opposers
Can you feel Timothy's possible hesitation as he now looks at Paul extending his hand out to him
Perhaps even eyeing the scars of Paul and Paul says come with me
Timothy had to wonder if I go with you. It's not going to be easy. Well, I suffer as you suffered
Another possible stumbling stone for Timothy was the fact that he was already serving in a capable way in the newly formed congregation in Listera and
Was well reported on by the brothers and now Paul was asking him to leave it all including his family and friends
Timothy could have reasoned they need me my mother needs me my grandmother needs me here
Maybe I can join Paul in a few years when I gain more experience and
Perhaps yet another stumbling stone for Timothy could have been the fact that he did not know where his assignment would take him
Listera was a small rustic town secluded in a valley
He knew the people the landscape the food the language the culture
Timothy knew that accompanying Paul met venturing into the unknown
He had to wonder and I really ready for this
I have a weak stomach and it's already feeling weaker just thinking about going with Paul
Can you see yourself in Timothy?
He no doubt had some real concerns before accepting Paul's offer
But what did Timothy's faith allow him to see?
Well, let's read again Paul's words at
Second Timothy this time verse 11, but verse 11 B
Second Timothy chapter 3 verse 11 B I
Endured these persecutions and now note this and the Lord rescued me from them all
Timothy witnessed first hand how Jehovah rescued and strengthened Paul
So yes in faith Timothy did enter the door of activity and he had worked with Paul together for many years
But think of the blessings he received because of his decision to join Paul
He observed how Paul navigated through each trial
How Paul kept his inner peace
Timothy saw not just the inconveniences or the sufferings of Paul
But he had observed Paul stabilizing joy and he witnessed how Jehovah helped him each step of the way
With Jehovah's help
Timothy stretched beyond his somewhat shy hesitant nature
To reach his full potential as a zealous
Overseer in support of the truth
Now in the following video note what reasoning helped Gabriel
Decide to apply for the school for Kingdom evangelizers
At our convention they had the meeting for the school for Kingdom evangelizers
My friend Anton asked if I was going to go
Thank you, Bill. Hey Anton. Are you coming?
To what the ESK meeting? Oh, no, I wasn't planning on it, but
All right, yeah sure I'll go okay then I left or is that I went but I felt
Conflicted I thought I already have an assignment one that I love
But I didn't fully understand the incredible privilege of attending ESK
I asked the circuit overseer a few more questions and it felt like
This is it it seemed right and all I had to do was apply online
That was months ago
Saw us holding you back. I feel like Jehovah led me here and I've never been happy yet
But now another door's opened and the fears back
It doesn't matter how far you've come fear of the unknown could be overwhelming
Sometimes you need a reminder that Jehovah's leading you're in the right direction. Here's one to keep in mind
Philippians 4
13 read it
And just think about how far Jehovah's taking you for all things
I have the strength
Through the one who gives me pie
Jehovah is in control. What was I so afraid of? I'm bringing too much
Well, ESK is for two months. Oh, you were just a light you too bringing every last thing with you
Can I can I leave this with you?
It's been on a few adventures, but it's still great for travel
Really, yeah, please
Who knows you might need it sometimes soon?
Did you notice how faith was shown?
Gabriel was in fear of the unknown
But Philippians chapter 4 and verse 13 touched his heart stirred his feelings and helped him to trust in Jehovah and move forward in faith
And apply for the school for kingdom evangelizers
If you choose to enter through the door of SKE you will receive specialized training so that you can be used more fully by Jehovah and his organization
Remember it's not a leap of faith with no idea of how things might turn out
It is an informed decision with a guaranteed outcome of blessings from Jehovah
Will you trust that Jehovah will help you every step of the way?
If so, like Timothy, you will experience first hand how the blessing of Jehovah makes rich
Brother Robert Lutcioni a helper to the publishing committee will now consider the next talk of this symposium
Enter the door to activity and faith assist with a theocratic building project